[Music]
in the midst of war the people of Gaza
are observing Ramadan
Traditions Israel's Relentless bombing
has damaged or destroyed more than 260
mosques but despite the destruction wor
shippers are gathering to pray among the
ruins this is Al mos in the south of the
strip the message we'd like to send from
here from wounded wronged Gaza where the
world is watching and even conspiring as
Israel is killing the innocent targeting
even The Unborn destroying homes and
mosques and committing unprecedented
crimes our message is that these people
are standing firm and only bow to the
almighty God these are our sacred places
this is Palestine and no amount of
atrocities and killings will make us
leave Palestinians across the Gaza Strip
are determined to stand firm in the face
of Israel's
Onslaught up to 1,000 people are still
attending the congregational prayer here
and they insist on continuing to do so
to complete the Ramadan rituals it's an
occasion that happens only once a year
it's aess time which people can't afford
to
miss for people here as for all Muslims
around the world the holy month of
Ramadan is a time for Spiritual
renewal even in the most dire conditions
and constant attack repeatedly displaced
and on the brink of famine Palestinians
are keeping their faith and praying for
peace Muhammad van
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer